=head1 NAME

Builder - SDR Development Tools 

=head1 CONTEXT

These are the tools required to build, compile and package SDR 
software. The package requires perl. You should have access to all 
SDR Builder libraries used by SDR, available separately.

=head1 COMPONENTS

=head2 builder

Main builder script, handles all template engines. This will be the main
script to be called. 

=head2 engine.rec.linux.version

Linux Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording Linux package. 
This handles 32 and 64bit platforms.

=head2 engine.rec.solaris.version

Solaris Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording Solaris package.
This handles 64bit platforms only.

=head2 engine.rec.freebsd.version

FreeBSD Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording FreeBSD package.
This handles 64bit platforms only.


=head2 engine.auth.freebsd.version

FreeBSD Analytics Auth Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Analytics Authentication FreeBSD package. 
This handles 32 and 64bit platforms.

=head2 engine.kernel.freebsd.version

FreeBSD Analytics Kernel Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Analytics Kernel FreeBSD package. 
This handles 32 and 64bit platforms.

=head2 engine.rec.linux.version

Linux Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording Linux module. 
This handles 32 and 64bit platforms.


=head2 engine.rec.solaris.version

Solaris Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording Solaris module.
This handles 64bit platforms only.

=head2 fetcher

Software update utility - checks all software used by SDR and their latest
revisions from their main web sites. Uses catalog.conf, the main configuration
file as the software configuration. 

=head2 etc

catalog.conf - the main configuration file for all software 
used by SDR software. This is a XML based configuration which keeps 
tracks of all libraries and softare modoules used by SDR and their 
revision number. This file is used by fetcher.

Config.pm - CPAN configuration file. Will use the local CPAN
distribution.

=head2 sfw

sfw - main configuration file for all software 
used by SDR software. This is a XML based configuration which keeps 
tracks of all libraries and softare modoules used by SDR and their 
revision number. This file is used by fetcher.

=head1 EXECUTION

Building SDR software requires that you have a software


=head3 Recording Linux Package

/opt/sdrbuilder/bin/builder rec 1.0.0


=head3 MaaS Analytics Auth Package

/opt/sdrbuilder/bin/builder -b05 -a maas auth 1.0.0


=head1 FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2014 SystemDataRecorder

 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
 modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
 as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 GNU General Public License for more details.

 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
 Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

 (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)

=head1 NOTE

This document will be updated at the same time with SDR project.

=head1 AUTHOR

Stefan Parvu, sparvu@systemdatarecorder.org

=cut

